I nervous would it I just saw that we
jump oh yeah we just affecting peace
says she's getting better it's goings
going down perhaps you I should get back
at around four no it's very important
but we mean the reason why it's not as
big of a deal to me still I see it he's
been like full sweat like doing a bunch
of stuff downstairs every day so that's
why did that yeah ya know so I
understand anything wait he's working
really really hard it's just no one
knows and because whatever whatever is
going on with it was just a long process
okay just trying to fight through it you
mentioned this is like lap three or four
just leading up to the all-star break if
you feel you guys are kind of hitting
your stride though right about now yeah
um yeah I really do I think you know
we're able to bill
the finish games and you know I think
prior to the last two games we've won a
lot of games late but they've all been
you know we're really working hard for
them nail biter type games last to
upgrade more of the just like being able
to dominate the church how much of an
extra push to that second half against
OKC kind of provide now looking back
that how you guys have responded I think
we responded really well i think i
actually don't think we we're were too
worried about it to be honest I think we
were just we understood that happens
some nights but again I didn't think you
know we didn't go into the locker thing
like wow I wish we had done this or I
wish we had played harder it was just
man I wish
are you home we kind of talked about
special news VA the global and pretend
you know being opposite forces really i
think that was like kind of what like
allowed us and like the velvet the
strong friendship just from the start
with the fact that we've been through it
like we've both been or we know what
it's like to kind of have the pressure
of a country you know not necessarily
all on your back but that's what it
feels like a time and then also not only
that but it's also to build it to like
really really struggle while that's
going on in to like basically yet to not
be playing and then you know the flip
side playing well too so we've talked a
lot extensively about it and it's one of
those things where like how many people
can you really relate to in terms of
that so we're definitely lucky I'm lucky
I'm teammates with them well when he
goes away when it goes in the white
house this summer he's gonna need a
point guard to help you considered that
uh yeah I mean you know we'll talk about
the other time comes I guess but yeah
he's doing a lot of cool things
yesterday you have to go to the White
House I'm unhappy for him he's sacked
about that stuff what